Han Solo: HAN
Obi Wan Kenobi: BEN
Luke SkyWalker: LUKE
Chebacca: CB
Source: http://www.imsdb.com/scripts/Star-Wars-A-New-Hope.html


INT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - CANTINA

              Strange creatures play exotic big band music on odd-looking 
              instruments as Luke, still giddy, downs a fresh drink and 
              follows Ben and Chewbacca to a booth where Han Solo is 
              sitting. Han is a tough, roguish starpilot about thirty years 
              old. A mercenary on a starship, he is simple, sentimental, 
              and cocksure.

HAN: Han Solo. I'm captain of the Millennium Falcon;

HAN:Chewie here tells me you're looking for passage to the Alderaan system.;

BEN: Yes, indeed. If it's a fast ship.;

HAN: Fast ship? You've never heard of the Millennium Falcon?;

BEN: Should I have?;

HAN: It's the ship that made the Kessel run in less than twelve parsecs! ;

Ben reacts to Solo's stupid attempt to impress them with obvious misinformation.
              

HAN: I've outrun Imperial starships, not the local bulk-cruisers, mind you.;
                         
HAN: I'm talking about the big Corellian ships now. She's fast enough for you, old man. What's the cargo?;
                         
BEN: Only passengers. Myself, the boy, two droids, and no questions asked. ;
                        
HAN: What is it? Some kind of local trouble? ;
                        
BEN: Let's just say we'd like to avoid any Imperial entanglements. ;
                        
HAN: Well, that's the trick, isn't it? And it's going to cost you something extra. Ten thousand in advance.;
                         
LUKE: Ten thousand? We could almost buy our own ship for that! ;
                        
HAN: But who's going to fly it, kid! You?;

LUKE: You bet I could. I'm not such a bad pilot myself! We don't have to sit here and listen… ;
                         
BEN: We haven't that much with us. But we could pay you two thousand now, plus fifteen when we reach Alderaan.;
                         
HAN: Seventeen, huh!;

Han ponders this for a few moments.

HAN: Okay. You guys got yourself a ship. We'll leave as soon as you're ready.Docking bay Ninety-four.;
                         
BEN: Ninety-four.;

HAN:Looks like somebody's beginning to take an interest in your handiwork.;
                        

              Ben and Luke turn around to see four Imperial stormtroopers 
              looking at the dead bodies and asking the bartenders some 
              questions. The bartender points to the booth.
STOP HERE
                                     TROOPER
                        All right, we'll check it out.

              The stormtroopers look over at the booth but Luke and Ben 
              are gone. The bartender shrugs his shoulders in puzzlement.

                                    HAN
                        Seventeen thousand! Those guys must 
                        really be desperate. This could really 
                        save my neck. Get back to the ship 
                        and get her ready.